README.md, before:

# Prework - *Rando*

Submitted by: **Saul Moreno**

**Rando** is an app that... [TODO] 

Time spent: **1** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [ ] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [ ] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color
 
## Video Walkthrough

<div>
    <a href="https://www.loom.com/share/bd61e06c3c4b42848a8c0036641f48d1">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.loom.com/share/bd61e06c3c4b42848a8c0036641f48d1">
      <img style="max-width:300px;" src="https://cdn.loom.com/sessions/thumbnails/bd61e06c3c4b42848a8c0036641f48d1-42f1fb179ae24722-full-play.gif">
    </a>
  </div>

https://i.imgur.com/hWpERbN.gif

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)

- [ ] Allowing a feature to look at your post history
- [ ] Changing the post for them to be in chronological order
- [ ] Turn off likes on old post without having to go to settings

We have all used some type of social media. Most people find it absurd that we 
cannot see all the post in chronological order. We should also be able to see all 
the previous post we have looked at since sometimes we want to see a post, but 
leave the app and when we come back it has refreshed. 

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2025] [Saul Moreno]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Wordle Final
All the work is done

README.md, after:

# Project 1 - *Wordle*

Submitted by: **Saul Moreno**

**Wordle** is an app that ... [TODO] 

Time spent: **3** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] App displays a keyboard on the screen
- [x] When tapping on the keyboard, a letter is shown or deleted (letter selected)
- [x] User can play a basic version of Wordle, with different goal words each time

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] Improve and customize the user interface by adding a launchscreen and app icon
- [ ] Run the app on a device rather than in the simulator

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .


## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [2025] [Saul Moreno]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
